Push to prod Zenodo sometimes, fix pypi release flow, update docs (#3292)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: docs/dev/run_a_release.rst

* Our data outputs corresponding to that tag on Zenodo,
  ``pudl.catalyst.coop/stable`` buckets in GCS/AWS, and Kaggle
* Our code corresponding to that tag on PyPI
* Updated ``stable`` and ``vYYYY.MM.DD`` documentation on ReadTheDocs

Here's how to do it!

1. Tell the rest of the team you're planning on releasing a new version of the
   code in #team. Remind them that any changes to the release notes *after* the
   next nightly build has passed need to go into a new version.

2. The night before you plan to release, update the release notes with a
   paragraph or two explaining what this new release is, and attach a specific
   date to the release.

3. Wait for the nightly build to pass with your release notes updates.

4. If the nightly build passes, push a git tag ``vYYYY.MM.DD`` that points at
   the commit which just passed the nightly build. This will kick off another build.

5. If *that* build passes, verify the following:

   * GCS/AWS distribution buckets have the appropriate data
   * ``stable`` and ``vYYYY.MM.DD`` point at the same Git ref
   * ReadTheDocs for ``stable`` and ``vYYYY.MM.DD`` versions have the latest
     changes in the release notes

>    * PyPI has the most current version of our code

Reviewer: One additional step here is that within ~24hrs of a new version showing up on PyPI we'll get a PR from the `conda-forge` bot updating the `conda` package, that will need to be attended to. The main human intervention required there will be updating the list of direct dependencies in the conda packaging if they have changed.

> 6. Update the Kaggle dataset.

Reviewer: I think we can and should omit Kaggle from all this, at least for the moment and probably for the foreseeable future, unless they get their API fleshed out.  Right now Kaggle pulls new outputs once a week from whatever URLs are associated with the dataset.  Right now that's `/nightly` but if we want it to be `/stable` we just need to update the URLs, and we can let Kaggle pull down the new version on the schedule we set (can be as frequently as daily if we want, but that seemed a bit excessive)

   next nightly build has passed need to go into a new version.

2. The night before you plan to release, update the release notes with a
   paragraph or two explaining what this new release is, and attach a specific
   date to the release.

3. Wait for the nightly build to pass with your release notes updates.

4. If the nightly build passes, push a git tag ``vYYYY.MM.DD`` that points at
   the commit which just passed the nightly build. This will kick off another build.

5. If *that* build passes, verify the following:

   * GCS/AWS distribution buckets have the appropriate data
   * ``stable`` and ``vYYYY.MM.DD`` point at the same Git ref
   * ReadTheDocs for ``stable`` and ``vYYYY.MM.DD`` versions have the latest
     changes in the release notes
   * PyPI has the most current version of our code

6. Verify that the Zenodo draft deposition has all the expected data (raw FERC
   databases, PUDL database, everything the right size).

7. Update the Zenodo metadata to include the description from the release
   notes, and update the various links.

8. Publish the Zenodo deposition! Wahoo! You're now done!

> 9. Except... 24 hours after the PyPI version is updated, we'll get a PR from
>    the ``conda-forge`` bot updating our ``conda`` package. If the direct
>    dependencies have changed in this release, we need to update them in that
>    PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Except... within 24 hours after the PyPI version is updated, we'll get [a PR in the PUDL
   conda-forge feedstock repo](https://github.com/conda-forge/catalystcoop.pudl-feedstock/pulls)
   from the :user:`regro-cf-autotick-bot` updating our ``conda`` packaging. If PUDL's direct
   dependencies have changed in this release, we need to update them in the conda packaging
   recipe in that PR.
```
